Hello where are you
Studio Xiaoning is now in her brother's hospital
I was surrounded by water
My brother is still being rescued
You don't care, do you?
The media are all there
I'm not a good fit
What to do then?
You can try calling Song Zeyu.
More and more interesting
Hello Song Zeyu
Xiaoning is in the hospital now.
Being commissioned by journalists is overwhelming
Don't you know?
I'll tell you what.
You'd better come to me right now
Otherwise, Xiao Ning and I will never let you go.
How is the doctor? He's out of danger
Remember you can't do this again
You know your brother's situation yourself.
No one can guarantee that this will happen again in the future.
Thank you doctor, don't worry.
Not anymore. The reporters are still waiting
I'm sure you can handle it.
Miss Shen
There are rumors that you are Song Zeyu's mistress
Is that right?
Some people say you did it to save your brother
Only then was he involved with Young Master Song
Is that so?
Are you still pregnant with his child?
Sister Shen Jiang, how do you explain these rumors?
Song Zeyu and I are not a couple at all
I'm not what you call a mistress
Third Party Why did you live in that villa?
There are also photos sent to the two of you together.
What happened to the baby in your belly?
It's all a misunderstanding